ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 7
I told you I decide who gets to leave.
You leave.
This is our dorm.
This is our dorm, you stupid communist!
Oh, my goodness.
Keep your heads down!
You…
You don't know who I am, do you?
Why can't I hear them?
I think she's speaking too quietly.
Turn the volume up then!
Yes, sir.
I'll tell you.
I'm…
the daughter of the director of ANSP.
If you don't believe me,
go check with them.
Eun Chang-su,
the director of
the Agency for National Security Planning…
is my father.
-I can't hear her. What's she saying?
-Why is she whispering?
I don't know.
Let them go.
Let them all go!
It's working again.
You will never…
get a chance to be released again.
Since she doesn't want to leave,
only nine will be released.
You evil bastard.
Release one more person
since I'm not leaving!
Who do you think you are?
To me, you are…
just…
a human shield.
Comrade Joo.
Have her stand by the windows.